Ensure everything is sorted whenever a command that generates po / pot files is used (#6)
beeware/lektor-i18n-plugin: README.md

You must run `lektor build` once to generate the list of `contents-xx.po` files. After that, once a translation change is applied to a `contents-xx.po` file, the site must be built again for the changes to be applied to the associated `contents-xx.lr` file. This results in the changes being rendered on the site.

### Plural Forms

> If you're using `{% pluralize %}` or `ngettext` or the like in your Jinja templates, make sure you fill in the plural forms in the PO headers manually, then make sure you have the correct
> number of `msgstr[x]`s.  The plugin automatically fills `msgstr`s into the PO file of your source lanaguage (which msginit only does for English), but since it doesn't parse plural forms,
> care must be taken to ensure that there are proper plural form `msgstr`s in your source language PO file; in particular, for languages that does not simply use `msgstr[0]` as singular and
> `msgstr[1]` as plural, you must manually alter your PO file to have the correct plurals.  Therefore, all such filled-in source-language plural PO entries that aren't in English are marked
> fuzzy, and the plural forms would need to be adjusted manually.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're using `{% pluralize %}` or `ngettext` or the like in your Jinja templates, make sure you fill in the plural forms in the PO headers manually, then make sure you have the correct
number of `msgstr[x]`s.  The plugin automatically fills `msgstr`s into the PO file of your source lanaguage (which msginit only does for English), but since it doesn't parse plural forms,
any non-English PO file will not have its plural message strings filled in.  Those must be done manually in the source-language PO file if simply singular and plural strings does not suffice .
```
